# SizeBot3½ (v3.5.0) Changelog

## Additions

- SizeBot now has rudimentary multi-guild support! (β)
    - You can copy your profile from one guild to the other with `&copy`.
    - Keeping your profiles on multiple servers synced to each other is not yet possible.
    - **NOTE:** *This is in beta stages, and is being rolled out slowly. Contact DigiDuncan if you are interested in having SizeBot on your server.*
- Added customizable foot length with `&setbasefoot`. You can turn off custom foot length with `&resetfoot`.
    - You can set your foot length based on your US Shoe Size with `&setbaseshoe`.
- Added customizable hair length with `&setbasehair`. You can turn off custom hair length with `&resethair`.
- Added customizable tail length with `&setbasetail`. You can turn off custom tail length with `&resettail`.
- Added customizable walk/run speed with `&setbasewalk`/`&setbaserun`. You can turn off custom speed with `&resetwalk`/`&resetrun`.
- Added customizable lift strength with `&setbasestrength`. You can turn off custom strength with `&resetstrength`.
- You can adjust your base stats to line up with what you'd like your current stat to be automatically now using `&setweight`, `&setfoot`/`&setshoe`, `&sethair`, `&settail` and `&setwalk`/`&setrun`.
- Added two new commands, `&togglepaw` and `&togglefur`, which switch between the words foot/paw and hair/fur in stats for your user, respectively.
- Added shoeprint depth, nail thickness, clothing thread thickness, eye width, walk speed, run speed, step length, viewing angle, horizon distance, and terminal velocity to stats and comparisons.
- Added a link to a visual comparison when using `&compare` via Macrovision.
- Slow changes now support stop conditions, either a time or a size.
    - *Slow changes now use the `&change` command, see (Changes.)[#changes]*
    - `&change 3m/hr until 20m` grows you three meters per hour until you are 20 meters tall.
    - `&change x2/hr for 1d` doubles you every hour for a day.
- Gender is now customizable, though it doesn't do much right now, with `&setgender`. Turn off "hard gender" with `&resetgender`.
    - Gender will try to be infered if you have an gender roles assigned to you. This is known as "soft gender."
- Added custom profile "cards".
    - Set your profile's image with `&setpicture`. It will default to your Discord profile picture if you don't, and you can change it back with `&resetpicture`.
    - Set a custom description with `&setdescription`. It supports [markdown to some extent](https://leovoel.github.io/embed-visualizer/). Remove it with `&resetdescription`.
- `&help` is now a cleanly formatted embed and a reaction menu. Each category of command corrosponds to a reaction you can click, and clicking it gives you more specific details about that category and the commands in it.
- The `&help` command now supports arguments for detailed info on a specific command, as in `&help [command]`.
    - Many commands now have helpful aliases, which you can find by running `&help [command]`.
- Added the ability to use exponents in changes, for instance `&change ^ 2`.
    - For instance, running `&change ^ 2` while 10ft tall would set you to a height that makes you appear 10 ft tall to a 10 ft tall person.
- `&change` now accepts "%" as an option. For example, `&change % 50` sets you to half height.
- Added a new command, `&stat`, which lets you get a single stat about a user.
- Added `&statsas`.
    - `&statsas 100ft` gives you your stats if you were 100ft.
    - `&statsas @User` gives you your stats if you were as tall as someone else.
    - `&statsas 100ft @User` gives you someone else's stats if they were 100ft.
- ...and `&statas`.
    - `&statas finger 100ft` gives you your finger stat if you were 100ft.
    - `&statas weight @User` gives you your weight stat if you were as tall as someone else.
    - `&statas foot 100ft @User` gives you someone else's foot stat if they were 100ft.
- Added `&compareas`, which works similarly to `&statsas`.
- Added a new command, `&lookslike`, which lets you see what object you are closest to in height and weight.
    - Displays different, random comparisons from a list of close comparisons on every run.
    - Includes fractional output to the nearest eighth, and accuracy percentages!
- Added a new command, `&objstats`, to get the raw stats about an object.
- You can get a list of all currently available objects with `&objs`.
- Added a new command, `&onewaycompare`, which allows you to see what an object or person looks like to you.
    - Displays a different stats screen based on whether you're looking at a person, or an object.
    - To look at an object, use `&onewaycompare <object>`, e.g.: `&onewaycompare lego brick`
    - To look at a person, use `&onewaycompare <@user>`, e.g.: `&onewaycompare @Kelly`
    - To look at a raw height (interpreted as a person), use `&onewaycompare <height>`, e.g.: `&onewaycompare 5'11`
    - To look from the perspective of someone else, use `&onewaycompare <something> [@user]`.
- Added a new command, `&lookat`, which allows you to see what an object looks like to you in a more sentence-y way, and is much simpler than `&onewaycompare`.
- Added a new command, `&lineup`, which allows you to use Macrovision to visually compare multiple people. You can add as many people as you want, so long as they are all SizeBot users.
- Added a new command, `&distance`, which allows you to see how long an dhow many steps it would take to walk or run a given distance.
- Added two new commands, `&scalewalk` and `scalerun`, to see how many steps it would take to walk or run a certain distance if you were changing by a certain amount every step.
    - Add `apply` at the end of the command to actually set your height to what it would be at the end.
    - You will end up walking infinity steps pretty frequently. Scaling happens quicker than you think! (This is not a bug.)
- Added `&setscalestep` for manual scalewalking.
    - Use `&step` to step one time, or `step <number>` to step an amount of steps.
- Added the ability for administrators to set "edge" users, one "smallest" and one "largest", whose size will be auto-set to be the lowest or highest active member on the server.
    - Use `&edges` to see who is currently set to be the edge users.
    - Administrators can use `&setsmallest <@user>` and `&setlargest <@user>` to set the edge users, and `&clearsmallest` and `&clearlargest` to remove them.
- Added the ability for server administrators to set a low and high cap for sizes on their guild.
    - Use `&limits` to see the current set limits.
    - Administrators can use `&setlowlimit <size>` and `&sethighlimit <size>` to set the caps, and `&clearlowlimit` and `&clearhighlimit` to remove them.
- Added some non-size commands for fun:
    - Added a new command, `&naptime <duration>`, which kicks you from any voice channel you're in after a set duration.
        - Turn off the timer with `&grump`.
    - Added `&color <hex/rgb/hsv/cmyk> <value>`, which let's you see information about different colors.
- Added a `&ping` command, to see if it's us who's lagging, or it's just Discord again.
- Users now have the ability to use some simple SizeBot functions in DMs, including `&roll`, `&help`, and `&about`.
- You can now edit a failed command message, and it will rerun the command.
- You can also run multiple commands in one message, one per line. This is buggy but works 90% of the time.
- Mei and SizeBot are now friends.
- Many fun easter eggs were added to SizeBot as well! Good luck finding them! :wink:

## Changes

- The help command, and all SizeBot documentation from here on out, now uses `<argument>` for required arguments, and `[argument]` for optional arguments, as per Unix-style formatting.
- Registering is now far easier and walks you through the steps. Just use `&register` to start!
    - The old way is still available through `&advancedregister`.
- Stats and comparisons now come in the form of clean, compact embeds.
    - Inches are now displayed in fraction increments in sizetags.
- `&change` and `&slowchange` have been merged into one command, `&change`, which now accepts either a single change, or a rate (with an optional stop condition.)
- Slow changes now operate on a 6-second loop, so all slow changes are constant and consistent.
- Slow changes now use a "rate" as input, for instance `&change 1m/s`.
- All set commands now begin with `set`, all set-base commands with `setbase`, and all reset commands with `reset` (and optionally `clear`).
- Unregistering is far more easy to confirm, requiring you to click an emoji, rather than copy and paste a hex code.
- Changed the way 0 and Infinity are handled as heights, making their stats and comparisons make much more sense.
- The about section now is more accurate, and has new information.
- `&weightunits` and `&heightunits` have been merged into the more easily remembered and cleanly displayed `&units`, along with the new `&objects` command.
- `&setbaseheight` and `&setbaseweight` have been merged into `&setbase`, which automatically determines which value to change based on the units you give it.
    - `&setbase 5ft` sets your base height to 5ft.
    - `&setbase 100lb` sets your base weight to 100lb.
    - `&setbase 5ft 100lb` sets both base height and base weight simultaneously.
    - `&setbaseheight` and `&setbaseweight` still exist for convenience.

## Fixes

- **The entire codebase was rewritten from the ground up.**
- Slow changes now save and catch up if SizeBot crashes.
    - Many other weird undocumented behaviors with slow changes should also be resolved.
- Most math was either inaccurate or slightly wrong, which is now fixed.
- SizeBot should no longer crash seemingly randomly.
- Users having their height set to zero and running stats or compare should no longer make less sense than the concept itself does.
- Unicode in nicknames is now handled correctly.
- Some smallish numbers were being displayed in scientific notation, which is no longer the case.
- A bug where sometimes SizeBot would spit way too many decimal places out should be corrected.
- All commands should now give feedback to the user, so you actually know if something happened.
- Nicknames should now update as soon as your size changes, and not just when you first type.
- Shoe size 0 would never show up, which is technically incorrect.
- 0, ∞, inf, and infinity are now valid unit strings.
