# SizeBot 3.6 Changelog

*For the last major version's changelog, see [SizeBot 3½ Changelog](https://github.com/sizedev/SizeBot/blob/master/changelogs/3.5.md).*

To start, I'd like to thank Discord for fixing the long standing bug where nicknames would not update live on Desktop clients. That's been fixed while working on this update, which means your slowchanges and general nick updates should show up in real time in chats now! Now, onto the changelog...

## Additions

- Added `&copyheight`, which allows you to copy the height of another user, with an optional factor applied.
  - `&copyheight @DigiDuncan` will make you the same height as DigiDuncan.
  - `&copyheight @DigiDuncan 2` will make you twice as tall as DigiDuncan.
  - `&copyheight @DigiDuncan 1/2` will make you half as tall as DigiDuncan.
- Added `&toggleincomprehensible`, which makes the users size indeterminate, and has funny effects in stats, comparisons, and sizetags.
- Added `&sound`, a command to see how long it would take sound to travel a length or a user's height.
  - Used like `&sound <height>` or `&sound @User`, or `&sound` to find the answer for your own height.
- Added `&light`, a command to see how long it would take *light* to travel a length or a user's height.
  - Used exactly like `&sound`.

## Changes

- Foot width and paw width are now different calculations. (Paws are wider.)
- Comparisons now have a loading message if it's taking a while to create the embed (which it often does.)
- Nicks now truncate species first if your name is too long to fit in a Discord nickname. (Guys, these things have a 32-character limit!)
- Added aliases for some commands that needed them.

## Fixes

- Some stats were mildly incorrect, and have been fixed.
  - Run speed was too high. (Average speed is now ~4.5mph.)
  - Shoeprint depth was too deep.
  - Climb "pull" distance was too short.
- Lightyears are more consistent, which was never a problem until now.
- `&stat liftstrength` would fail, even though `liftstrength` is a valid stat.
- `&diststat fingerprint` would fail, even though `fingerprint` is a valid diststat.
