# SizeBot 3.7 Changelog

*For the last major version's changelog, see [SizeBot 3½ Changelog](https://github.com/sizedev/SizeBot/blob/master/changelogs/3.5.md).*

*For the last minor version's changelog, see [SizeBot 3.6 Changelog](https://github.com/sizedev/SizeBot/blob/master/changelogs/3.6.md).*

Remember, run `&help <command>` to see detailed usage for all these commands!

## Additions
- Added `&food`.
  - See how much food a user would need to eat.
  - Used like `&food <food/"random"> [@User]`
- Added `&land`.
  - See how a user would cover an area of land.
  - Used like `&land <land/"random"> [@User]`
- Added `&stackup.`
  - See what objects in the database are around your size for comparison.
- Added `&lookatpokemon`.
  - Used like `&lookatpokemon [name/natdex] [@User]` to see what a Pokemon looks like to you.
  - Has aliases `&pokecompare` and `&pokecomp`.
  - Also added `&pokedex [name/natdex]` to get data about any Pokemon.
- Added `&steal.`
  - See what it would be like to steal an amount of height or weight from a user.
  - Does not actually steal size from the user (yet.)
- Added `&outgrow` and `&outshrink`.
  - Become smaller or larger than the next object nearest your height.
  - Slightly random.
  - Takes an optional object to be smaller/larger than as an argument.
- Added `&gravity`.
  - Show the gravitation pull of a user on another.
- Added `&pehkui`.
  - See what scale number you'd use in the Minecraft mod Pehkui in order to be your current SizeBot size in game.
- Added driving time to distance stats.
- You can now report a user to the Tiny Rights Alliance with `&report <user>`.
- Added calories to food objects.
- Some objects now have notes.
- Added 50+ objects.
- `mc` is now a valid unit, representing one Steve tall.
  - As is `mcpx` for a Minecraft pixel, and `mcc` for a Minecraft chunk.
  - A "block" is not a unit, since it's exactly 1m.
- If you hit a server's upper or lower limit, the bot will now warn you.

## Changes
- `&lookslike` no longer has redundant accuracy scores.
- `&stat` no longer pings the subject.
- `&pb` is now an alias for `&pushbutton`.
- "x" can now be used in scales. It's not technically correct, but it's used enough.
- `&setrandomscale` now uses a logarithmic scale, like `&setrandomheight`.

## Fixes
- Paw width was calculated incorrectly.
- Paw and Fur display correctly in `&stat` and `&diststat`.
- `&limits` now outputs correctly.

## Fake users
Many commands can now take a fake user as an argument. It's an advanced feature that allows you to create a temporary, fake user with all the properties of a real one.
They can be used in place of a user in (almost) any command that asks for `@User` in its usage.

Their syntax is as such:

`$stat1=value;stat2=anothervalue;...`

Where the stats can be any of the following: `nickname` (or `nick`, or `name`), `height`, `baseheight`, `baseweight`, `footlength` (or `foot`), `shoesize` (or `shoe`), `hairlength` or `hair`), `taillength` (or `tail`), `earheight` (or `ear`), `pawtoggle` (or `paw`), `furtoggle` (or `fur`), `liftstrength` (or `lift`, or `carry`), `walk`, `run`, `swim`, `gender`, and `scale`.

An example is this:

`$name=DigiDuncan;baseheight=5ft7;baseweight=120lb;height=0.47in`
