# SizeBot 3.8 Changelog

*For the last major version's changelog, see [SizeBot 3½ Changelog](https://github.com/sizedev/SizeBot/blob/master/changelogs/3.5.md).*

*For the last minor version's changelog, see [SizeBot 3.7 Changelog](https://github.com/sizedev/SizeBot/blob/master/changelogs/3.7.md).*

Remember, run `&help <command>` to see detailed usage for all these commands!

Remember when I said SizeBot 3 was feature locked? **I lied!** SizeBot 4 is going to take a long time and development of the project was on pause for a while. In fact, there will probably be a 3.9 after this before 4 ever happens.

The good news? **SizeBot is now public!** I'll talk later about what this means, but for now, TL:DR, you can invite the bot to your servers now!

## Additions
- Added `&invite`.
    - Get a link to invite the bot to your server!
- Added `&setso <from> <to>`.
    - Set your scale to make `from` look like `to` to you.
    - Example: `&setso 20ft 5mi` sets your scale so 20ft appears to be 5mi from your perspective.
- Added `&statsso <from> <to> [user/height]`.
    - Get your stats for if `from` looked to be `to` to you.
    - Example: `&statsso 20ft 5mi` gets your stats for if 20ft appeared to be 5mi from your perspective.
- Added `&statso <from> <to> <stat> [user/height]`.
    - Get a stat for if `from` looked to be `to` to you.
    - Example: `&statso 20ft 5mi foot` gets your foot length for if 20ft appeared to be 5mi from your perspective.
- Added `&comparestat <statname> <user/height> [user/height]`.
    - Compare a single stat between two people!
- Added `&toggleallowothers`.
    - A *very alpha* command that allows other users to change your size.
- Added `&setother <height>`.
    - A way to set the height of anyone with `&toggleallowothers` set to True.
- Added `&changeother <diff>`.
    - A way to change the scale of anyone with `&toggleallowothers` set to True.
- Added `&scaled <object...>`.
    - See how big an object would be scaled up to your size!
- Added `&quake [type] [@User]`.
    - See how big of an earthquake you'd cause with your steps!
    - Valid types are `step`, `stomp`, `jump`, `breath`, `heartbeat`, and `type`.
- Added `&quakestats [@User]`.
    - See all the types of earthquake at once!
- Added `&quakecompare <@User> [type]`.
    - See how big of an earthquake someone would cause for you!
- Added `&quakewalk <dist>`.
    - See how many earthquakes you'd cause walking a distance!
- Added `&quaketype <string...>`
    - See how many earthquakes you'd cause typing a sentence!
- Added `&water [user/height]`.
    - See how much water you'd consume on a daily basis!
- Added `&metal [user/height]`.
    - See how much your weight is worth in precious metals!
    - Has aliases `&gold`, `&silver`, `&platinum`, and `&palladium`.
- Added `&mcfall [user/height]`.
    - See how many hearts of damage you'd take falling a distance!
- Added `&neuron [user/height]`.
    - See how long it would take brain signals to travel for a person!
    - Has alias `&react`.
- Added `&keypoints [user/height]`.
    - See your key points (waist height, knee height, etc.) compare to real world objects!
- Added `&convert [value]`
    - Convert between Metric and US (and the other way too).
- Added stat tags! Most commands that accept a single stat (like `&stat`) also accept stat tags. Their format is `#tag`. For a list of tags, see `&tags`.
- Added spaceship travel time to `&dist`. (Based on the top speed of an Origin 100i.)
- Added prices to some foods in `&food`.
- Added area and volume units to some commands that needed them.
- Added several new stats (see `&help stats`.)
- Added several new objects (see `&objs`.)

### New Stats
- Breathe Wind Speed (`breathewindspeed`)
- Calories Needed (`caloriesneeded`)
- Water Needed (`waterneeded`)
- Eye Height (`eyeheight`)
- Neck Height (`neckheight`)
- Shoulder Height (`shoulderheight`)
- Chest Height (`chestheight`)
- Waist Height (`waistheight`)
- Thigh Height (`thighheight`)
- Knee Height (`kneeheight`)
- Ankle Height (`ankleheight`)
- Can Walk On Water (`canwalkonwater`)
- Wind Speed to Blow Over (`blowoverspeed`)
- Percieved Sound Volume Scale (`percievedvolume`)

## Changes
- Some stats no longer show up by default in `&stats` or `&compare`.
- Some speeds no longer show up by default in `&dist`.
    - Any speed with a travel time less than 1 second. (Except walking and climbing.)
    - Removed crawl speed by default.
- Some lengths of time will show less presicion to clean up embeds.
- `&dist` no longer randomly reverses the inputs and now delivers meaningful results for distances shorter than the player's height.
- Removed the incomprehensible toggle.
- `&lookat` now handles raw heights better, and gives "close enough" comparisons.
- Removed `&rpfall`, and remove weird data from `&fall`.

## Fixes
- `&copyheight` no longer requires a factor, and defaults to 1.
- Weight no longer caps out at infinity way before height does.
- `&dist` now works correctly with time values.
- `&stackup` now supports raw height values.
- Terminal velocity makes sense now.
- Climb time is significantly more accurate.

## Removals
- Got rid of `&advancedregister` finally.
    - Why were people still using this?

## Public?!
That's right, SizeBot is now public! Anyone can now add SizeBot to their server and mess around with it. Whether you're an RP group, a public community, a D&D guild, an artist looking for references, or just want to do funny math in the privacy of you're own server dang it, SizeBot is now available!

This was a hard desicion for me for a lot of reasons.  
Firstly, I wanted to ensure I was always *in* the servers that had SizeBot; partially so I could help support it, and partially so I knew my efforts were going towards communities that I could help directly. However, now, my involvement with any communities has become largely diminished, and it feels disingenious to continue pretending as if there's much difference between servers I'm in and servers I'm not.  
Secondly, I want the service I've built here to not be linked to me, strictly. I'm not the only one who works or has worked on SizeBot, and I hope that it's usefulness exceed what I alone can do.
Thirdly, I want communities that I would never have thought of; artist groups, D&D guilds, game designers; to be able to use and suggest features for the bot. I am but one person, and my imagination alone shouldn't be the limit for this bot's capabilites.

With that, run `&invite` to get access! I hope you enjoy what I've spent the last many years on.

Love you all.

## 3.8.1
### Fixes
- Fixed `&quaketype` only counting the first word.
- Fixed `&quakecomp` using user's default scale.
- Commands utilizing area and volume would crash.
